Revamp bootstrapping section (#763)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/building/bootstrapping.md

This subchapter is about the bootstrapping process.

## What is bootstrapping? How does it work?

[Bootstrapping] is the process of using a compiler to compile itself.
More accurately, it means using an older compiler to compile a newer version
of the same compiler.

This raises a chicken-and-egg paradox: where did the first compiler come from?
It must have been written in a different language. In Rust's case it was
[written in OCaml][ocaml-compiler]. However it was abandoned long ago and the
only way to build a modern version of rustc is a slightly less modern
version.

This is exactly how `x.py` works: it downloads the current `beta` release of

> rustc, then uses it to compile the nightly compiler. The beta release is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rustc, then uses it to compile the new compiler. The beta release is
```

Technically, most people don't compile "nightly" but whatever the master branch is...

This is useful for e.g. features that were just stabilized, which require
`#![feature(...)]` when built with `stage0`, but not for `stage1`.
2. The build system sets `RUSTC_BOOTSTRAP=1`. This special variable means to
_break the stability guarantees_ of rust: Allow using `#![feature(...)]` with
a compiler that's not nightly. This should never be used except when
bootstrapping the compiler.

[Bootstrapping]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrapping_(compilers)
[intrinsics]: ../appendix/glossary.md#intrinsic
[ocaml-compiler]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/tree/ef75860a0a72f79f97216f8aaa5b388d98da6480/src/boot

## Contributing to bootstrap

When you use the bootstrap system, you'll call it through `x.py`.
However, most of the code lives in `src/bootstrap`.
`bootstrap` has a difficult problem: it is written in Rust, but yet it is run
before the rust compiler is built! To work around this, there are two
components of bootstrap: the main one written in rust, and `bootstrap.py`.
`bootstrap.py` is what gets run by x.py. It takes care of downloading the
`stage0` compiler, which will then build the bootstrap binary written in
Rust.

> Because there are two separate codebases being from from `x.py`, they need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there are two separate codebases behind `x.py`, they need to
```
